Itis not the purpose of my book to
boast about Singapore's
achievements. We are successful
but wemustremain humble and
modest.

Welivein aworld which is
dominated by badnews. The world
is hungry for good newsand for
success stories. Thisis why the
Finnish bookis so well received by
theworld.

My hope isthat the book on
Singapore will bean inspirationto
other developing countries. My
messageis that if your country is
small and hasno natural resources,
donot despair. Ifyou pursue sound
policies and have good values, if
you have competent and honest
political leaders, good public
serviceandanindustriousand
adaptable population, you can
overcome your limitations of size
andthe lackof natural resources.

Singaporeisnot amodelbutitisa
source of solutions to manyof the
problems faced bythe developing
countries.
